If we want to understand the tropical background for convolutional and our networks first we have to
consider the main problem as far as machine learning and artificial intelligence are concerned.
So the main problem is feature selection.
So what features do you use to build our model no matter we are using support vector machines we are
using Bazy and classifier.
We are using Danzy connected nodal networks or convolutional in our own networks.
These algorithms relies heavily on a given dataset with the given features.
For example if we are talking about X or logical relationship we have a dataset like this x and y and
we have the labels accordingly.
So we have a data set.
If we are dealing with the IRS data that we have for features sample and set battle with tactile length
and all we had.
And there's three classes.
Iron is vertical or iron is Seto's and so on.
So we will have features and we will have the labels accordingly in a given dataset and a good question
is how to choose the best features.
For example when we are dealing with stock prices it is not that straightforward how to choose features.
I'm not sure whether you are interested in quantitative finance but if we want to apply machine learning
techniques on stock market related data.
First we have to create the features and here in this case we use log daily returns as features.
But maybe this is not the best features possible.
Maybe we can come up with better features.
For example how many people are selling a given stock or how many people are buying a given stock so
there can be lots of lots of features to consider and we don't know for certain what are the most relevant
features.
So as far as human faces are concerned we can pose the question that what features to use in order to
recognize human faces and there are lots of lots of possible answers such as the location of the nose.
Such as the distance between the eyes such as eyebrows such as location of mouth ok for us humans.
It is quite straightforward that this face is a human face but we don't know for certain that how are
we able to decide whether it is a human face or not.
We just know that it is a human face and this is the same that what features to use in order to recognize
a cheetah for example shape of the ears or black pattern under the eyes or the shape of the nose or
something like this.
We don't know for certain that what features are the most relevant.
And this is why convolutional now all networks are working extremely fine because we don't have to know
the features in advance.
Convolutional now all networks find the relevant features during the training procedure so we don't
know that what are going to be the most important features for convolutional and our own network algorithm.
The algorithm itself is going to find the most relevant features and this is why we like convolutional
now and that works.
And this is why convolutional in our networks can outperform support vector machines for example and
thats why the most important artificial intelligence related algorithm as far as self-driving cars are
concerned are convolutional in our own networks because these networks are able to find the relevant
features without human intervention because for us humans it is quite apparent that what is a human
face or whether it is a cheetah or a lion or a human face or something like this.
But for a computer if we want to construct an algorithm basically we don't know for certain that how
are we able to recognize that it is a cheater.
It is a human face or something like this.
The convolutional now our own network can find the relevant features during the training procedure.
Thanks for watching.